l

§mmmm

niteo, withlntrodnetr'on, nome, and vocabulum, by

sam admoueri, B. l.. noetis,

Pm‘essor os Latris in Haroard Professor osbatin andGmkr'n Michr'gan
Universs'ty, m Narmal Collega, l'psr‘lantr',

ll. (ΜΤ ommis,
naeus emendemus-Hau sapor, soson.

ramo. Halimorocco. susp-ges. Fullyillustrated. Price,Sr.25.

Trrrs book is intended to follow any first Latin book. It embraces

in Part Ι. 96 pages oi easy Latin stories and iables as a preparation
for Caesar, followed in Part Il. by selections from Caesar's Gallic Wor,
equivalent in amount to the first four books. It is hoped that thus a
better graded and wider course, and a more interesting one as well, may
be found for young students than the unvaried reading oi the first four
books oi Caesar’s Commentarios.

Part ΙΙ. provides aselected course ol reading from Caesar rather than
the first four books. Parts oi these books are unusually difficolt, and
parts are lacking in interest. By making selections from the seven
books, both oi these obstacles to successful work have been in large
measure overconre. The selections from Caesar include the War against
the Belgian Consederacy‚ the Campaign against ¹the Veneti, the two
Invasions of Britain, the two Invasions oi Germany‚ the Siege and Sack
of Avaricum, and the Siege of Alesia.

Special attention is called to the N otes. They are very copious and in
every respect adapted to the needs oi second-year students of Latin.

A considerable number of oral exercises for turning English into
Latin in the form ol question and answer, and some exercises for oral
and written translation, all founded on the miscellaneous matter in
Part 1.. have been inserted, so that the writing and speaking of Latin
may accompany the course in reading.

The vocabulary‚ like all the vocabularies in the Allen and Greenough
{lahlite l} ittiitttnllltlllttks{2¹3⁰}lehit kt
in the text.

The illustrations, like those in the Allen and Greenough editions oi
Caesar. Cicero, and virgil, have been selected with care, with the idea
that they should be truly educative.

The leading colleges and universities have given assurance that the
book willxbe readily accepted as the tull equivalent of the first four
books of Caesar’s Gallic War.

(llNN dr COHPANY, Publishers‚

Boatom NewYorlr. chletgo. Atlanta. Deltae. saner-netum. horlon.

 

